sit down Antonius Covidien you just gave
the phone over and I'll probably be me
oh open yeah okay it's getting
t-money I'm very hot I'm not so much a
fool I because I've got it on film then
you believe I need help as well but
don't let anybody right where is it ah
yes I've found a bit baby money where is
the stable mud just in the middle in the
middle it's oh yeah
I'm waiting for someone to pull over
I've actually got a video
I'm doing a crap video dot notation on
Trey yeah Ben's bringing hurry up with
the tray this is a really really bad
video most of his probably pointing at
the water because because I was falling
over at the time uh yeah detritus I was
another little flounder oh no one oh
wait for joining Wow loads of flowers up
here yeah very what they covered up here
the that's it out that's quite
heavy yeah leaves they don't like these
I mean the underside of a flounder
before they're really quickly go to the
bank
yeah yeah nice well I'm not taking
photos this is going buckets you want
some water
Hey well I hate Jack are you well is
very people of water sometimes for them
now my looks like fill up all the way to
the top now I'm using do you think I
could see any babies